{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Object Oriented Software Development
\fs52 \
This is not a programming course.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs26 \cf0 Software development is a process. It has different parts that interact as software is produced. The parts are Think, Design, Create Tests, Create Solution, Ship, Repeat. This course focuses on the first four software development parts.\
The Think part of software development resolves some basic questions. They are:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What is the problem?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What are some potential code-level solutions to the problem? (brainstorming)\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What do I need to learn to code a solution to\'a0the problem?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
When will I learn what I need to know?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How will I learn what I need to know?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What resources for learning do I have?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	7	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Learn what I need to know. (Sandboxing)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 In a programming course, answers to questions\'a01 \'96 6 are pre-defined by the people who designed the course. This means that creators of programming courses hope the students focus heavily on item 7. Can you see why this is not a programming course now? We haven't even talked about the Design, Create Tests, or Create Solution steps yet.\
As a part of this class\'a0you will learn about\'a0mobile user interface design, be introduced to Android development, and learn more about existing libraries and the functionality they make available to you. As you can see from even the list of the 7 parts of the Think step, this course is much more than just that.\'a0It is a course about learning these new programming things as part of a\'a0software development process experience.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs52 \cf0 This is not an Android programming course.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs26 \cf0 You will be exposed to Android\'a0development tools, explore mobile user interface design, and learn about a few of the user interface elements and user interactions the Android API makes available, but there is no in-depth study of those topics. There are many on-line courses, videos, and blog postings that do a good job covering those topics if you are interested.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs52 \cf0 So what is this course?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs26 \cf0 This course is designed to help\'a0you learn about software development and software development processes. \'a0It is designed\'a0to allow you to experience education as described by Elder Kerr. \'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\i\b\fs30 \cf0 Elder Kerr, October 8, 2013 devotional
\i0 \'a0\'96 \'93I hope to have communicated to you the importance of viewing learning as a progressive process \'97that we not just learn \'91about\'92 something, but that we learn \'91from\'92 it\'97that learning is not just about acquiring knowledge; it is all about becoming the people we ought to be.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs26 \cf0 You will be assessed on and given feedback regarding how well you are accomplishing Elder Kerr's definition of learning. You will also be assessed on your teamwork skills and your professionalism. You can see how you will be assess for these outcomes by looking at the rubric for these assessments. The rubric also includes how you will be assessed regarding your fluency in the technical portions of the class.\
It doesn\'92t matter if you\'a0career will be\'a0writing software, designing networks, designing databases, working as a project manager, or working in any other part of IT, you can\'a0use what you learn in this class. The software development processes parts are not unique to software development. Professionalism is not unique to software development. Learning is not unique to software development. All of these\'a0are used in everything\'a0human beings do to create meaningful, quality components and systems. Human beings\'a0use the Think, Design, Create Tests, Create Solution process when we build anything of worth from music and art to buildings, highways, computer networks, or software.\
Again, the development\'a0process is:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\b\fs40 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Think,
\b0\fs26 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b\fs40 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Design,
\b0\fs26 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b\fs40 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Create Tests, and
\b0\fs26 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b\fs40 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Create Solution.
\b0\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Humanity has learned over and over that it is vital to\'a0do the steps in\'a0order. Each\'a0of them gives us\'a0the information we\'a0need to complete the next part. \'a0Using this process will decrease the amount of time you spend working on a solution. I know...I know. It sounds like it will take longer but it doesn't. People have tried other ways in every industry including computing\'a0and anything else is\'a0slower and increases the amount of work required to create anything of worth.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs52 \cf0 Some Definitions:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 Sandboxing
\b0 \'a0\'96 the process of learning by exploring how an object, method, function, or a programming construct works by playing with it outside of the solution you eventually will create. Playing with it consists of seeing how it works when used correctly and what happens when it is misused.}